Experiments section (missing MAD outlier removal experiment) (#54)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_pre_thesis/src/sections/experiments/pls_outlier.tex

\subsection{Experiment: PLS Automated Outlier Removal}\label{sec:experiment_pls_automated_outlier_removal}

> The original PLS1-SM identified outliers manually by inspecting the leverage and spectral residuals plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the original PLS1-SM model outliers were identified manually by inspecting the leverage and spectral residual plots.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Outliers were manually identified during the training of the PLS1-SM model by inspecting the leverage and spectral residuals plots.
```

> We have instead chosen to automate this based on the reasons described in Section~\ref{sec:methodology_outlier_removal}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We instead chose to automate this based on the reasons described in Section~\ref{sec:methodology_outlier_removal}.
```

> Examining the performance implications of completely omitting outlier removal would be worthwhile.

Reviewer: In this format the sentence feels disconnected to the previous/following sentence.
Perhaps this is better?
```suggestion
As such, examining the performance implications of completely omitting outlier removal would be worthwhile.
```

> This experiment is justified given the substantial efforts dedicated to developing the ChemCam calibration dataset as mentioned in Section~\ref{sec:ica_data_preprocessing}, which implies a minimal presence of significant outliers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the experiment is justified given the substantial efforts dedicated to developing the ChemCam calibration dataset as mentioned in Section~\ref{sec:ica_data_preprocessing}, which implies a minimal presence of significant outliers.
```
